The stakeholders for available, reliant,
and resilient systems are almost every function in a company.
Your customers be able to depend on your platform to be
running and stable is going to be critical to your overall success.
Most software platforms have service level agreements,
or SLAs, that are critical to business stakeholders.
All business functions tend to be concerned with
a company's SLAs as they have widespread impact.
The business both expects its vendors to meet their SLAs,
and it is vital for a company to achieve its published SLAs,
in order to meet contractual obligations and support customers.